As we were working with CSX grid in fact there are some properties that we could borrow from CSX flex
bucks on and following few videos we explore these particular properties.
The first one we're going to look at is going to be justify count.
So first and foremost what I would like to do is change around my columns again and I'm going to go
400 pixels.
But why don't we use the repeat function that we just learn so let's ride repeat.
And then we're gonna go for let's say three of them on line.
The width is going to be let's say hundred pixels something like that.
Then I'm gonna get her off the template rows for now.
And I'm also gonna add some kind of height to my particular container.
So it's a right mean height.
And let's go with let's say hundred percent of the viewport.
Now I'm going to zoom in back here and now we're ready to go.
So like I said justify content now what just define content is doing is in fact it is working with our
content that we have within our great container just like we had when we were using flex box.
So let's say I could say just content and by default it's going to be flex start as the reason why when
I said it flex start well nothing changes.
Now what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna copy and paste it and I'm gonna come out of this line just for your
reference like so and then let's change this to a flex end and what is going to happen all our content
all the rows and columns that we're gonna have.
Well it's gonna shift on left hand side regardless of the screen size.
So notice of course right now I have a bigger screen size and still the same thing all my content has
been shifted all the way to the left hand side.
Now we're obviously not limited to flex and so again we're just copying pasting that.
And then what we would like to do here is in fact set up a different value so not flex and I'm sorry
I wanted to actually common this out.
So let me comment out and let's write center something like that.
And now my content is sitting in a center.
And then we have three more space between space around and spaced evenly so I can just copy it.
Let's a three more times and then let's just keep on writing.
So I'm gonna start with let's say space evenly space evenly so I'm along when I have a even space in
between my atoms.
Then of course we also have this guy we have a space around so why don't we do this when we move this
one up then comment out then let's write space between now what's going to happen is that left column
and the right column are gonna be flush with the edges of my container and then I'm gonna have the even
space in between.
Of course in vivo I'm going to add one more item let's say four columns then I'm gonna have the same
layout in this case though I'm going to have the extra item in between here.
Right but the left column is gonna still stay all the way on the left hand side and the same is going
to be with a right com just like we had when we were using flex box yeah.
Now let me move this up again.
Like so the last one we have a space around.
So why don't we delete this one.
I copy and paste it one too many times and let's just write space around right now in this case we're
gonna have some distance in between the edges but then again we're gonna have also the margins in between.
All right Ms within the.
Yes that's good.
Now lastly I would like to point it out though that it matters of what is the width of your column when
you are using justified content because of me show the example let's say we're going to go with hundred
pixels on it pixels and one of them and even one of them I could just go with one fraction Now notice
what happens I can have whatever values I would like but since I have here the one fraction Well it
doesn't really matter anymore does it as one fraction is going to take up the rest of the space so I
can set up whatever values I would like here I could just let's say flex and and what you'll notice
that nothing is going to change because even one fraction is pretty much gonna change everything around
so it matters of what kind of values you have for the columns let's say if you have two hundred pixels
yes it has an absolute value so we can still use it but if you're gonna use a fraction values well whatever
you have values here forty justified on the property nothing is gonna change in your layout.